Initial docs for the csp adapter (#4143)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/cloud-marketplace/aws/prerequisites/_index.md

---

> title: Pre-Requisites

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, change made

weight: 1
---

### 1. Setting Up License Manager and Purchasing Support

> First, Complete the [first step](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/license-manager/latest/userguide/getting-started.html) of the license manager one-time setup.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, change made

> Next, go to the AWS marketplace. Locate the "Rancher Premium Support Billing Container Starter Pack". Purchase at least one entitlement.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, change made

> If you have installed rancher using the "Rancher Setup" AWS Marketplace offering, skip to step 4.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, change made

> **Note:** Each entitlement grants access to support for a certain amount of nodes. You can purchase more licenses as necessary later on.

### 2. Create an EKS Cluster

> Follow the [rancher docs]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/install-rancher-on-k8s/amazon-eks/) to create an EKS cluster. When you get to the final step to install rancher, stop and return to this page. This cluster will need to meet the following requirements:

Reviewer: `Follow the [rancher docs]` -> `Follow the [Rancher docs]`

> Follow the [rancher docs]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/install-rancher-on-k8s/amazon-eks/) to create an EKS cluster. When you get to the final step to install rancher, stop and return to this page. This cluster will need to meet the following requirements:

Author: Thank you for the suggestions, change made

- EKS version 1.22

> - Each node in the cluster has access to the registry containing rancher and its related images

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, change made

- Each node in the cluster has access to the ECR repo storing the CSP Adapter

> - Each node in the cluster has access to the license manager service

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, change made

> - Each node in the cluster has access to global endpoints for the STS service

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, change made

### 3. Install Rancher

> In addition to the options specified to install rancher in step 8 of the [rancher docs]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/install-rancher-on-k8s/amazon-eks/), you will also need to enable extra metrics. 

Reviewer: `in the [rancher docs]` -> `in the [Rancher docs]`

> In addition to the options specified to install rancher in step 8 of the [rancher docs]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/install-rancher-on-k8s/amazon-eks/), you will also need to enable extra metrics. 

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, change made

> This can be done through the helm cli through the following options: 

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, changes made

```bash 
-set extraEnv\[0\].name="CATTLE_PROMETHEUS_METRICS" --set-string extraEnv\[0\].value=true
``` 

You can also use a values.yaml like the below:

```yaml
extraEnv:
  - name: "CATTLE_PROMETHEUS_METRICS"
    value: "true"
```

> You will also need to install rancher version 2.6.6 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to install Rancher version v2.6.7 or higher.
```

Should this be 2.6.7 since the current 2.6.6 is being renamed?

> You will also need to install rancher version 2.6.6 or higher.

Author: Thank you for the suggestions, changes made

### 4. Create an OIDC Provider 

Follow the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/enable-iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) to create an OIDC provider for the cluster specified in the previous section.

### 5. Create an IAM Role

An IAM role is required for the CSP adapter to check-in/check-out entitlements. 

> First, Configure the trust policy as below, replacing `MY_AWS_ACC` with your aws account number, `MY_AWS_REGION` with your aws region, and `MY_OIDC_PROVIDER` with the id of your OIDC provider:

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, change made
